# Privacy

Please be careful when using this repository within an organization on GitHub. What may appear as a private repository may in fact be visible to all administrators of that organization. Mentions and notifications may also not be private. 

To ensure some privacy for this tool - I would strongly encourage using a private GitHub Enterprise Instance and a private user repo outside any organization. This will help minimize who has access to the repo, and the content within it. Privacy is critical to the process of coaching and reviews, and the employee and manager each have the full copy of the data if they choose to invite anyone else, such as HR to participate.  

## Critical Privacy Update - 11-23-2019

One of the critical components of one on one coaching is creating private and safe spaces to explore growth, failure, and the full human experience of the situations encountered. - This critical point of privacy allows for deeply impactful conversations, and is a fundamental component ethically, and professionally to maintain the integrity of that honest and safe space to collaborate inside. While I was very optimistic to experiment with this framework using a new tool in Git hosted on GitHub and while there have been many positives - I have come to learn that the kind of privacy required for this tool to be effective is not possible on the GitHub platform, nor was it designed for this purpose in mind even if the content is within a private repository. It can not be guaranteed that this information will not be seen by others without record, reason or cause to see it, and for that reason I can no longer suggest using this framework on GitHub for this kind of sensitive information. I am glad the experiment could happen, and I learned a lot in the process, and I am thankful for those that helped me develop, test, and evolve this over time. I still stand by the content, and it's effectiveness has worked in many instances for me in my career of managing and coaching others so I will leave the content on GitHub in hopes of sharing it, but I can no longer recommend utilizing this framework, or works like it on GitHub with real human data or sensitive information.
